Full code review changes (#222)
vercel/next-learn: dashboard/15-final/README.md

This is the final template for the Next.js App Router Course. It contains the final code for the dashboard application.

> For more information, see the [course curriculum](xxx) on the Next.js Website.

Author: Should this just be `https://nextjs.org/learn`?

Reviewer: Yes!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [course curriculum](https://nextjs.org/learn) on the Next.js Website.
```
